README.md, before:

# Sturm-Liouville Equation Solver
## Introduction
This is the code for My MSc in Mathematics at the University of Leeds. It solved Sturm-Lioville equations of the form 

$$-\frac{d}{dx}(p(x)u'(x))+r(x)u(x)=f(x) \qquad u(a)=A\quad u(b)=B$$

by using the following three methods — FEM (Finite Element Method), SM (Spectral Method) and SEM (Spectral Element Method).
### Example Usage
 ```python
from finite_elem.equation import SturmLiouville
import numpy as np

def p(x):
   return -np.exp(-4*x)

def p_prime(x):
   return 4*np.exp(-4*x)

def r(x):
   return 4*np.exp(-4*x)

def f(x):
   c= -4 * np.e/(1+np.e**2)
   return np.exp(-3*x)+c*np.exp(-4*x)

a = 1
b = 1
# Number of elements
N = 10

#Polynomial Degree for SEM
po = 2

eq = SturmLiouville(p, r, f, a, b, N, p_prime=p_prime)
us, xs = eq.sem(N,N=po) #N elements and polynomials of degree po
us2, xs2 = eq.sm() #Assumes polynomial degree N
us3, xs3 = eq.fem_stand()
us4, xs4 = eq.fem_stand_quad()
 ``` 
## Main file 
A bit more cleaned up version of the main file for the BVP can be found in `main/equation.py`, the actual file used for calculations and plots is `finite_element/equation.py` - note it contains non-finished methods, only use the following functions given `eq=SturmLuioville()`
- `eq.fem()` - finite element method with linear basis
- `eq.fem_stand()` - finite element method using linear basis on master element
- `eq.fem_stand_quad()` - finite element method using quadratic basis on master element
- `eq.sm()` - spectral method using Chebyshev diffentiation matrix
- `eq.sm2()` - spectral method using Legendre polynoamials (it is equivalent to SEM with $ne=1$)
- `eq.sem()` - spectral element method that takes $ne$ - number of elements and $N$ - degree of polynomial

And there are some support functions that might be usefull
- `eq.chebyshev_diff_matrix()` - returns the Chebyshev differentiation matrix for given $xs$
- `eq.differentiate()` - calculates the derivative of a function using the Chebyshev differentiation matrix
- `eq.legendre_gll_nodes()` - returns the GLL interpolation nodes for given $N$
- `eq.gll_weights()` - returns the GLL weights for given $N$ and $xs$
- `eq.deriv_matrix_local()` - return the GLL derivative matrix for given $xs$

## Other files
The `test` folder contains a lot of the files that produce error plots such as `test/error.py` which produces all the erorr plots for BVP, note that in order to run those files one must do `python -m test.error` for the `error.py` file for example, this is so we can import the SturmLioville class from `equation.py`.

Due to the uniqueness of the Eigenvalue Problems every one has its own seperate file in `eigen`, which does all the calculations and typically produces the plots as well.

The rest of the folders are not really important but here is a quick rundown 
- `finite_elem` - the main file is there as well as other element method files
- `plots` - some helper files to make some more specific plots

Commit message:

Enhance README with more methods and examples
Expanded the README to include additional methods and examples.

README.md, after:

# Sturm-Liouville Equation Solver
## Introduction
This is the code for My MSc in Mathematics at the University of Leeds. It solved Sturm-Lioville equations of the form 

$$-\frac{d}{dx}(p(x)u'(x))+r(x)u(x)=f(x) \qquad u(a)=A\quad u(b)=B$$

by using the following three methods — FEM (Finite Element Method), SM (Spectral Method) and SEM (Spectral Element Method). As well as the ability to solve eigenvalue problems, examples can be found for Airy's and Mathieu's equations as well as the harmonic oscillator equation and the Legendre equation.
### Example Usage
 ```python
from finite_elem.equation import SturmLiouville
import numpy as np

def p(x):
   return -np.exp(-4*x)

def p_prime(x):
   return 4*np.exp(-4*x)

def r(x):
   return 4*np.exp(-4*x)

def f(x):
   c= -4 * np.e/(1+np.e**2)
   return np.exp(-3*x)+c*np.exp(-4*x)

a = 1
b = 1
# Number of elements
N = 10

#Polynomial Degree for SEM
po = 2

eq = SturmLiouville(p, r, f, a, b, N, p_prime=p_prime)
us, xs = eq.sem(N,N=po) #N elements and polynomials of degree po
us2, xs2 = eq.sm() #Assumes polynomial degree N
us3, xs3 = eq.fem_stand()
us4, xs4 = eq.fem_stand_quad()
 ``` 
## Main file 
A bit more cleaned up version of the main file for the BVP can be found in `main/equation.py`, the actual file used for calculations and plots is `finite_element/equation.py` - note it contains non-finished methods, only use the following functions given `eq=SturmLuioville()`
- `eq.fem()` - finite element method with linear basis
- `eq.fem_stand()` - finite element method using linear basis on master element
- `eq.fem_stand_quad()` - finite element method using quadratic basis on master element
- `eq.sm()` - spectral method using Chebyshev diffentiation matrix
- `eq.sm2()` - spectral method using Legendre polynoamials (it is equivalent to SEM with $ne=1$)
- `eq.sem()` - spectral element method that takes $ne$ - number of elements and $N$ - degree of polynomial

And there are some support functions that might be usefull
- `eq.chebyshev_diff_matrix()` - returns the Chebyshev differentiation matrix for given $xs$
- `eq.differentiate()` - calculates the derivative of a function using the Chebyshev differentiation matrix
- `eq.legendre_gll_nodes()` - returns the GLL interpolation nodes for given $N$
- `eq.gll_weights()` - returns the GLL weights for given $N$ and $xs$
- `eq.deriv_matrix_local()` - return the GLL derivative matrix for given $xs$

## Other files
The `test` folder contains a lot of the files that produce error plots such as `test/error.py` which produces all the erorr plots for BVP, note that in order to run those files one must do `python -m test.error` for the `error.py` file for example, this is so we can import the SturmLioville class from `equation.py`.

Due to the uniqueness of the Eigenvalue Problems every one has its own seperate file in `eigen`, which does all the calculations and typically produces the plots as well.

The rest of the folders are not really important but here is a quick rundown 
- `finite_elem` - the main file is there as well as other element method files
- `plots` - some helper files to make some more specific plots
